Hi.
Welcome back.
And in this video we're going to have a look at how we can debug and set up a dashboard implementation
inside of react using Next.js.
We're also going to be using the chat window to specifically fix bits of the navigation.
So before starting this video, the only thing I've done is I have basically made a new Next.js application,
and I've done that directly from the documentation.
Additionally, we have a couple of components such as charts, dashboard, and as well as that we also
have a dashboard route in the app component, which we can put here.
Now the thing that we need to fix is we need to fix all of these imports.
So for example, you can see we can't find the module of UI cards and its and its corresponding type
declarations.
And one thing we can do, which is a really good feature of cursor, is you can click on this eye fix
in chat.
And then what it will do is it will specifically tell you exactly what you need to run to get this to
work.
So I could try and I can even click run.
And you can see it's doing.
NP Shad UI latest add card and it says the configuration is is missing.
So we could paste this back into the chat window and see what cursor gives us as the next thing.
And as you can see here, we can actually then as well click run on this as well.
And then that will run and install Shad CN, which we can then put into our project inside of the app.
Now if we then go and run this command again, you can see it will then add the card.
And then if you have a look here, we've now fixed our error.
Let's have a look at some of the other components and see whether or not these are working.
So you can see we've also got a problem here.
Can't find module or type declarations.
And then as well as that we could also see that these are the commands we need to run.
So I can install the Richards package.
And for mine I'm just going to run with sudo for now.
And then as you can see here we can then install the types.
Another way you can do this is you can load your problems tabs.
And then you can put all of these into your specific window of the chart.
And then you can see here.
So what we're doing is we're sort of adding all of these.
We're having a look looking for unique errors.
That one here.
That react icon looks like a unique error.
What else have we got.
Anything a UI button that looks like a unique error.
So we're sort of going through the code.
And we are looking for unique errors that we are basically populating directly inside of cursor.
And then cursors.
Now got all of these errors and it can walk through how we can fix this.
So we've done this react types.
We can probably run that.
So we've already installed the charts package.
We've installed that.
We need to update the overall chart file to import react.
So that will be in the dashboard overview chart.
So in here then we need to import react.
And then then let's have a look see what errors have we got now.
So can't find these dashboard headers.
So what have we got here.
So I'm looking and fixing these errors.
So if we're in let's have a look.
So this might be where we actually have fixed most of the problems.
And just restarting cursor was enough to restart the TypeScript web server which has now fixed all of
the problems.
So let's try bundling up this app and seeing what we have running on here.
After loading the application, you can see that we have a failed to compile build error and it's telling
us that we can't find this components UI button.
This is probably a CDN issue.
So let's go and dump this error directly into the eye chat window and see what cursor comes up with
as they fix.
So I've dumped in the error now and on the right hand side and you can see this.
And then what we can see is we need to install the buttons.
And we also if the component exists up your take your thing.
So what I think we need to do is let's have a look in our components UI.
We don't have the button.
So we can say I don't have the button Component.
How do I add it.
And again we're using the shadow files.
So you can see this is how we can add the button.
So then it's giving us the bash commands that we can then click run.
Close this down.
And then what I'm going to do.
So instead.
So now we can just click apply on the shadow UI.
Click run.
And that will then install the button component.
And then let's try and run the application again.
All right.
So we've run into another error.
Fantastic times.
So it looks like we don't have these react icons.
So again this is something we can directly copy and paste.
Let's go and put that inside of the chat and then see how cursor works with this.
And obviously I'm going to encourage you to really read through and understand these errors.
But again it looks like we're missing a React Icons package from the rails UI.
So we'll click run on that and install that.
And then we'll also rerun the web server and have a go and see if that then works.
All right cool.
So we've got our dashboard live and we've fixed all the errors.
And you can see we've got some really nice components.
If we reload it here, we've got this like nice transition.
And again you've got things like the sails the active now.
So we've got some data here which looks really really great.
Now one thing we want to do is we want to fix the light mode and dark mode on our components.
So firstly we're going to show you about the files and folder context.
So I'm going to start a new chat.
And be aware that when you start a new chat, you can still go and visit your previous chats by clicking
on the button to the right of that as well as that, once we create a new chat, you can see that it's
using the code base context, which is doing, which is basically using the ability to search the code
base as well as that you could also give it the files that you need.
So we're really interested in the fact that we want to add light mode.
And one way we can do that is we know we probably need to maybe configure the tailwind config file and
also maybe the layouts file, the route layout.
So we're putting in these files and we're doing that with the At symbol.
And you can see here there's lots of different files and folders and other things that we can add such
as code, web docs, git, and codebase.
And so what we're doing here is we're being able to say, I want to specifically pick these files,
and I want to say I want to implement light and dark mode.
Can you help with this?
And then what we're doing is we're passing in those files as well as the current file.
And it's telling us exactly the changes that we need to make.
So we can click apply.
And then we can see I don't want to delete this.
We've just rejected that right there.
And then we're going to go back.
Here we go.
Dark mode class satisfies config.
That looks fine.
We then need to create a theme toggle dot tsx.
I would generally take this and then I would go into there and go theme toggle dot TSX.
We paste that in.
And then we've got a problem where we don't have next themes.
We then need to update the layout.
I just generally copy this.
And then I go into the layout which is here, and then we can update that.
Now the next thing you know we've got a problem is and I've just spelt the theme toggle wrong.
So let's go and make sure that's correct which is fixed that one.
But we've now running into the problems here which is we don't have next themes.
So let's go and install that.
And we can see sometimes you don't even need to use cursor right.
We just know that we need to install the next themes package.
And we also need a theme provider as well.
So the theme provider is here.
So I will also go and create that.
So copy the code and then we can go into the components and make a new component called Theme Provider
Dot TSX.
And then we can again pass that code in.
And then what I'm going to ask it to do is say we'll give it the components folder now.
So instead of giving it the file we'll give it the components folder with.
And we can do that with obviously the at symbol and go to the folders.
And we'll go to components and say Update all of my components to support both light mode and dark mode.
Right.
So we've implemented the theme and we've provided that as the theme provider.
And we're just check here.
So that theme provider is a export default.
So we'll go and fix that.
And this is the thing with code generation is it's not exactly perfect.
And you can see export function.
So that is now fixed.
And that should be fine.
And then now it's sort of saying the dashboard header it needs to then and we'll just go and delete
this.
We need to then implement the the dashboard header to be like this instead.
And also so it's telling us to update it to this section here.
So it needs to be updated.
And then we need to import the theme toggle.
And we'll get rid of these ones here.
And then it's saying update the sidebar.
So again we can click on the sidebar code.
And we can just copy that across
And we will also update the overview chart.
Oh yes.
And we're replacing it with this section.
So often the overview chart will come with this section and you'll need to update it.
And then revenue chart replace it with this.
That is exactly what we need.
And then the theme toggle should already be theme aware.
Let's just double check.
Uh that looks right.
Set theme.
And then.
All right so then let's try it.
So I'm going to run the app and have a look.
So we've got one error here.
Unsupported server component type undefined.
If we look in here attempted import layer does not contain any export default.
We just need an export default function here which will then fix the theme provider.
And then we've got the ability to do light mode and dark mode.
It looks like we've got two of these buttons, so let's see how we can go and fix that.
So that will be inside of the code base.
Now what I'm going to suggest we do for this is let's get rid of all of the files inside of here.
And we'll do uh, we'll get and we'll do an app code base and we'll say I currently have two files,
two, um, toggles for my, um, for my dark mode.
But can you reduce this to one?
And as you see here, you can use a so the number of searches you can do will vary.
And obviously the more will cost you more money.
And you can say what files to include and the files to exclude.
And whether you want to use GPT four as a reranker and have a reasoning step as well.
So this is the advanced information which you can use and modify inside of code base.
But what code base will do is it will go and it will read lots of different files.
So you can see here it's going to be looking at different types of files.
And we can see here that it's decided to do remove the import for theme foggle.
So that would be inside the layout.
And then you can see here we are going to remove this and I'm going to click apply.
And then I'm just going to go through these suggestions and click Y.
Yeah.
And get rid of these.
And then this theme folder provider is absolutely fine.
All right.
And there we go.
We've added light mode and dark mode for our dashboard visualization which is great.
So again we've explored where you are specifically looking at using different types of referencing.
Inside of the eye chat window, we've had a look at how to fix bugs using the cursor eye chat.
And remember with the At symbol you can do a range of different things.
So looking at files folders, looking at the code, looking at web, looking at docs, git and codebase,
the ones that I personally use a lot is the files, the folders, and the code base I find.
If you're able to provide the right folders and the files, then you're always able to get better outputs
from any type of large language model that you're using to help with your code generation.
A quick tip that I'd just like to give you that I found really useful in my own personal projects.
It's always making sure to include the database schema inside of your types of chat windows, or inside
of Cursor Composer.
You'll find that by including database types or strong types, you'll able to be producing code that
will have a lot less errors and also need to be edited less frequently as well.
In the next lesson, we're going to have a look at the different kinds of functionality that we can
use in the chat window.
One thing I'm particularly interested to show you is the ability to pull in custom documentation to
help write code for when these large language models don't have the relevant information inside of their
pre-training data.
We'll be looking at integrating Lang chain and using up to date documentation to generate an effective
Python script.
All right, I'll see you all in the next one.